gh-97937: dis docs: add adaptive=False (#97939)
python/cpython: Doc/library/dis.rst

      Some instructions are accompanied by one or more inline cache entries,
      which take the form of :opcode:`CACHE` instructions. These instructions
      are hidden by default, but can be shown by passing ``show_caches=True`` to
      any :mod:`dis` utility. Furthermore, the interpreter now adapts the

>       bytecode to specialize it for the types of objects it encounters. The
>       adapted bytecode can be shown by passing ``adaptive=True``.

Reviewer: I sort of like this better, since the mechanism is more general than just type information:

```suggestion
      bytecode to specialize it for different runtime conditions. The
      adaptive bytecode can be shown by passing ``adaptive=True``.
```

Author: Good point, applying this change

   source line information (if any) is taken directly from the disassembled code
   object.

>    The *show_caches* and *adaptive* parameters function as in :func:`dis`.

Reviewer 2: nit: I tripped up when reading this the first time because my mind went straight to function the noun.
```suggestion
   The *show_caches* and *adaptive* parameters work as they do in :func:`dis`.
```
